The 23rd UN Plenary Session will start on April 3 and will primarily focus on issues of growing poverty and inequality in developing countries of West Africa.
The French delegation wants to make it very clear that successful facilitation of any further talks between Vietnam and Cambodia is only possible if both sides fully agree to enter talks without preconditions.
Below is the list of 147 countries that fully denounce Russian invasion of Ukraine as illegal.
The UN welcomes the Turkish initiative to mediate an agreement between Russia and Ukraine on grain exports from Ukraine through Black Sea.
UN resolution #102/a dated November 12, 2007 pertains to further sustainable development of ameliorable Sub-Saharan land to alleviate impact of future food crises.
As it was previously reported and agreed upon, no progress towards climate goals is possible without all countries playing their parts and contributing a fair share of their GDPs to transitioning to greener technologies.
Female participation in courts of justice across the whole region grew on the average at an annual rate of 2.3%.
We hereby strongly oppose resort to any use of military force to settle the existing disagreements between the sides.
The commission will need to be formed to properly assess all the damage caused by floods of 2005-2007 in the Nile basin spanning more than 15 mln square miles of inhabited land.
We welcome the treaty aiming to reduce the existing stockpiles of biological and chemical weapons.
Despite very serious progress on battling deforestation achieved in the course of the last 12 years, the area covered by forests is still shrinking, albeit at a slower rate.
The working group will be tasked with producing tangible results on increasing number of people with access to clean water within the first year since commencing its activities.
The agenda for March meeting will include resolving outstanding legal issues pertaining to acquisition of demining equipment as well as election of a new board member.
Both parties acknowledge that cessation of hostilities is in the direct interest of all the warring sides and therefore should be negotiated in an expedient manner.
Drug trafficing through the country was effectively halved in a matter of months due to a set of sweeping reforms enacted by the new government.

